It moves you to the manifestation of your breakthroughs, the 2015.
Divine kiss.
Quickly let us go to Mac, chapter 10, 27.
And Jesus looking upon themselves.
And Jesus looking at you.
You, you, you.
Watching your television.
With man.
It is impossible.
And?
Bet with God.
For with God, our tears are possible.
With God, all tears are possible.
God can decide that in a single day, all the hanging contract with entire hands.
With my mouth, not drinking, but with God, all tears are possible.
God can decide to showcase this man
This Pharaoh had been blocking my soul from getting this contract.
God can decide to remove the Pharaoh.
Suddenly, the Pharaoh is transferred.
Any power that is trying to block you.
These two daughters say, gosh, I removed them in the name of Jesus.
And now you are in your amen.
Two important fasts that can bring manifestation of your breakthrough.
Two important fasts.
Number one.
A man or a woman filled with the spirit of God.
We be filled with divine inspired ideas.
Once you are filled with the spirit of God, you see ideas, wealth making ideas, promotion ideas, increased ideas, ideas that would catapult you and take you to the top.
Ideas that will make
You'll be ahead of your mates.
A single, world-created idea can change your life forever.
Once the Holy Spirit comes in, just a risk for you, just one idea, one idea.
That's one single idea, can just change your destiny forever.
So you need that divine ideas.
Shout out to the area.
So therefore, any power that is attacking those ideas is the enemy of your progress.
So you must deal with any power that want to frustrate that divine ideas that God has given to you, that ideas that can move you from where you are, to where you're supposed to be.
Sometimes God invents the dreams of
Somebody and shows that person.
Tis that can change that person's life.
But the funny thing is that so many people, when they wake up, they cannot remember that dream.
The devil knows when you remember it, you can be able to work on it.
But suddenly, you know that, there was a revelation, I got in the dream.
There was a message, I got in the dream.
But now, I can't remember them.
Today, that power that is always erasing your dreams.
Making you not to remember your dreams, that power shall die today.
I'm not hearing you, amen.
So number one is the Spirit of the Living God, Holy Spirit.
Number two, success is conceived in the bed of thinking.
vision and ideas.
And it's delivered to you in the table of hardware.
That is why wives, you must allow your husband to think.
Because the only place you can think where is at home.
After you have gone every day, you've gone for business, you've gone to this place, you've run around.
It is when you come back home, you'll be able to think.
Now, when the house is not comfortable for you to think, you must be able to make that house very, very, very comfortable.
Stand up and pray at ease.
It is God's will that we succeed and prosper.
God's thought was us is total good, not of evil.
And the Bible says, we can do all things through Christ.
So, it is sad for God's people to perish for lack of knowledge.
If you key yourself into that creative power of God, anything you are doing, any business agent wants you key in into that creative idea of God, you will see that thing will just begin to prosper, prosper, prosper, prosper, prosper.
Shout, aye, Loya.
Now, how can I convert my revelations
to manifestation.
Those revelations God gave to me in the dream.
Those dreams God gave to me in the dream.
Those ideas God gave to me in the dream.
How can I bring those ideas to manifestation?
Number one.
Look chapter 14.
Look 14 verse.
Read from 28.
For which of you?
intended to abuse the tower, sit yet not downstairs, and can't tell the cost.
Whether he has sufficient to finish it, less happily, after he has led the foundation, and is not able to finish it.
Or, I'll be heard it begin to mock him.
Shout, Aylia.
Number one, you must plan to bring those ideas
manifestation to bring those revelations to manifestation you must plan.
He that fails to plan, plans to fail.
You must decide this 2015 that anything you do you must plan.
I don't mean satanic planning.
That is satanic planning and that is divine planning.
I don't mean the one that
Some pastors who can pay some people from Sokoto, from Ghana, to come and share testimony.
And pastor, I came here with one eye.
Now I have two eyes.
You pay them, there's no confirmation.
You don't have the address.
No address to go and verify.
At least when somebody says,
I was blind before I came to Opium, but now I can see.
You can now say it's address so that you can then go to that address and find out, please, never of this person.
Do you know Mr. Sunso was Mr. Sunso blind?
How long was he blind?
You come verified.
Always somebody says, oh, praise a lot.
I was tracking before.
I was like, I'm European, now I have a car.
So that's what I can do, I'm very fine.
What this mantra came before, not to just come and lie on television in order to deceive people.
No confirmation, no verification, no investigation.
I'm not talking about that kind of planning.
I'm talking about divine planning.
This 2015, as you have over your plans to go, go go
God will bring those plans into reality.
I'm not hearing your aim, man.
Number two, how to confess your ideas to manifestation.
You must set goals.
Make your breakthroughs in life come from setting goals.
Sometimes goals are not
attend at the first attempt.
I come again.
Sometimes goals are not attend at the first attempt.
Some goals, it's everything you do.
You succeed at the first attempt.
It means you have not set in high goal.
If you do this one, succeed, do not.
Everything work out at the same time.
At the first attempt, it means it is not a big visual.
Once it's a big vision, once it's wide, it will fail.
But you say, no, I refuse to fail.
You call it a war guide, suddenly, prayerfully, you'll get to your destination.
So you must set goals.
What and what do I want to achieve?
What do I want to achieve this year, 2015?
You must set daily goals.
What role would I achieve this today?
You must set weekly goals.
What wrong with that chip this week?
You must set monthly goals.
What wrong with that chip this month?
You must set yearly goals.
You must set goals.
God wants to set goals.
I have to have a destination of where you're going.
Shout out to Leah.
I was discussing with somebody, I said, I am so glad it will be wickedness
On my back, for me to offend my God.
It will be wickedness.
I don't have a say.
I've got God, if you see that tomorrow, I will offend you.
Kill me today so that I will not live to offend you tomorrow.
Because it will be so wicked of me to offend God that has shown me so much message.
Message that I don't deserve.
It picked me from
Don't spin.
Don't dance.
I went to school and it's just like that.
And don't spooch me where I am.
It took me very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very wickedness in my own part for me to offend him.
Because I will just look.
Every teen I have asked him, he has given to me everything.
The one that said, oh, baby, God got it.
Beautiful fine girl.
Give to me.
I said, don't die.
I've written all my prayer requests.
This is, I said, God, this is what I want to achieve when I get to 40.
All M15 have been done.
Everything.
Because now I set a goal.
You might be able to set a goal.
I said, look, this is one of the guys.
Okay, look at it.
Presently OPM has 99 branches.
We're presently OPMF.
99 branches.
Just one more branch.
Now, once you get the one more branch, it becomes 100 branches in eight years.
It's got no mesophone.
Let's give Jesus a clap of him.
So you must set goals.
You must do your children.
You must push them to set goals.
Many of us now that are looking at me,
Have you called your children?
I said, come, what do you want to be tomorrow?
You, what do you want to be?
I want to be a doctor.
You do want to be.
Now, you begin to spiritually push them to achieve those goals.
Set goals in your business.
You say, OK, oh, I have one shop.
You want to plus it?
By next year, I need to have four more shops added to this one.
You must set goals.
Prayerfully, not by your own strength.
Prayerfully, you must set goals.
Shout out to Eloya.
How to convert revelations to into a manifestation.
You must pray to receive creative ideas that will position you to your divine restoration.
You must pray to receive creative ideas.
The Bible says,
If you don't pray for revelations, you will not get it.
Success-minded people look for ideas, knowing that ideas will attract money.
But failure-minded people look for money.
I come again.
Success-minded people look for ideas, because they know that idea will generate money.
Failures look for money instead of idea.
They are busy pushing money.
So pushing, so good.
Give me ideas that will generate money.
Shout out, Alia.
Now, how to convert your revelations into manifestation?
Number what?
For you must take action.
You must take action.
All efforts and success will come to nothing.
If you don't take action and work really hard.
When you're set goals, you must take action to back up these set goals you've set.
You must back it up with action.
If you don't back it up, it can come to pass.
There is no substitute to hard work.
It must work hard.
Amen?
You must work hard.
Jesus never states, if Master Jesus, Doctor Jesus never states, you look at the places he covered in just three years.
It was working day and night.
Shout, Alleluia.
How to convert your revelations to manifestation?
You must have a strong determination to succeed.
A very strong determination.
Don't allow anybody to distract you.
Decide in your heart, no matter what.
I must sausage.
I must sausage, no matter what.
Decide it.
And walk towards it.
Most of you deciding you have nothing can distract me.
I must sausage, you must sausage.
Shout out, earlier.
How to
to convince your revelations to manifestation.
You must be disciplined.
Discipline.
It takes discipline to rise up in the morning to do midnight prayer.
It takes discipline to fast, to go into fasting.
It takes discipline.
You must be disciplined.
It takes discipline to say no to sin.
When temptation comes to you, it takes discipline to say no, it is better to offend man, to offend God.
It is better to have so many enemies and have become a friend of God.
It is better than every member of the family.
It's against me because I said, this thing they are doing is wrong.
They want to do sacrifice.
They said they want to run.
Carrying natives.
He said, no, no, no.
They see you as an enemy.
It is better.
They see you as an enemy and God sees you as a friend.
Shout, aye, Louisa.
Maybe you're a student.
You're looking at me now.
You're in the school.
And all your roommates, they go to the club.
They have to sugar that.
And you say, no, I'm a child of God.
I'm a member of opium.
I cannot do that.
And they see you as enemy.
It is better to see us enemy and go see us as a friend.
Because your style is brighter than your own.
He said, no, I cannot mortgage my salvation.
No matter the pressure.
It is better all your mates are in secret courts.
And you said, no, I cannot judge the record.
I cannot judge Vikings.
I cannot judge pirates.
I cannot judge opponent, opponent, opponent.
Shout out to Leah.
You let all of them join nobody.
He said, no, if they bring the form, he said, I will not sign the form.
I cannot sell my soul to set out the devil.
Anything the devil gives you, if you are looking at me on the television, whatever the devil is giving to you is temporary.
But they don't tell you disadvantage.
There is so much disadvantage hidden on that they come out.
Don't need the blessing of God, make it rich, and ask no sorrow.
When God blesses you, he doesn't add comma to the blessing.
When said, I give you something that is so much comma, and that thing is given to you.
Don't mortgage your soul.
I know you are thinking of signing that paper, don't sign.
and the soul of your children, even the upon ones into the hand of the devil.
Once you sign, you have mortgage your soul, you have mortgage your children's soul, you have mortgage your children's children's children's soul.
And it would be painful when your children grow and they are crying and they are not suffering for what their father did.
My children will never suffer for my mistake.
I didn't say she said, my children will never suffer for my mistake.
My children will never suffer for their mistake.
Stand up and practice.
I oppose the children's gifts, you know.
Refuse the suffer for the mistakes of my parents.
In an emojis, I beg you to pray.
Yes.
Any gift.
When I read the prayer, we pray.
Any gift that will lead me to have fire.
I reject Jesus.
That would sell my soul to the devil.
I reject you by the blood of Jesus.
Cho, you must be disciplined.
Cho, you must be courageous.
Nothing good comes easy.
You must be courageous, like Joshua.
Because battles will come as long as nothing is good.
Battle will be there.
Amen.
But we listen, because there is mosquito around.
Let me not go.
But there are so many adversaries hanging around.
You must be courageous.
You must refuse to say no.
You must refuse to give up.
No matter the attacks coming, say no.
I refuse to surrender.
No retreat, no surrender.
Stand up and pray this.
Every power
Standing at the gate of my miracle.
To frustrate my miracle.
Every power standing at the gate of my miracle.
You will never succeed.
In an emergency agreement opposition to my promised land.
clap for the touch is us how to convert your revelations to manifestation prepare
to have enemies.
You want those revelations to manifest, to commit to manifestation, prepare to have enemies.
You cannot have real success without making real enemies.
If you don't, if you want to be a voice in this generation, know that you must have enemies.
People will rise up against that thing.
As long as that thing will lead you somewhere, people must rise up.
But you cannot say because people are risen up.
Let me withdraw.
No?
You must go ahead.
The more your enemies, the more your breakthrough.
The lesser your enemies, the lesser your breakthroughs.
And I don't want to have enemies.
Then if you want to have enemies, go back to the village and go and lock yourself inside a room.
Even the lock yourself is another room.
You have enemies.
This is why you go lock yourself.
Omega Power were ministries.
OPM worldwide presents seven Saturday's to destroy married disappointments.
Are you tired of married disappointments?
Are you 30 and above and not yet married?
Are you tired of long-term courtship?
Do you need money to marry?
Do you need deliverance today?
Dr. Jesus has remembered you in a special deliverance titled Seven Saturdays to destroy marriage disappointments.
Date from Saturday 17th January to Saturday 28th February 2015.
Time 5PM every Saturday.
Venue OPMGRA branch
37.
Tumbia Street Close to La Meridia Hotel G.R.A.
Phase 2, Port Hackett, Rivestique, Nigeria All P.M. Dr. Jesus in Action Dr. Jesus in Action's God is here